Turn around bitch I got a use for you
Besides you ain't got nothin' better to do

Annie's twelve years old in two more she'll be a whore

But I'm staring at her tits
It's the wrong way
Strong if I can but I am only a man
So I take her to the can

A maid, a man needs a maid
A maid

keep my house clean, fix my meals, and go away

Just someone to keep my house clean

Sit down bitch! You move again I'll beat the shit out of you

Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?!

If she ain't tryna fuck the first night we're on different pages
We be swappin ho's

Put Molly all in her champagne, she ain't even know it
I took her home and I enjoyed that, she ain't even know it

Got a bag of bitches I play with

Got her saved in my phone under "Big Booty"

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks

Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or 2

Tried to domesticate ya 

Even very good girls have a little bad side. You just have to know how to pull it out of them

Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas

Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday?
Bitch what'd you do screw Dre?

You fake, lying slut you never told me you knew Dre
And I'd be the third person who screwed you today

And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier
If you dropped dead (dead)

Cause that bitch drove me to drink I'm back on my fuck ho's
But a whole new hatred for blondes, but bias?
I hate all bitches the same

Bitch, that was a lie
Now I never
Wanted someone to die

I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me
That's what I call pitchin' a bicth

I got 99 problems and the bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of them I need a machine gun

She's not a saint and she's not what you think
She's an actress, whoa
She's better known for the things that she does
On the mattress, whoa

You're irreplaceable, a collectible
Just like fine china
t's alright, I'm not dangerous / When you're mine, I'll be generous 

Here tonight, this is DJ Eazy Dick, on the station that
Slaps you across your fat ass, with a fat dick

When I met you last night baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for ya lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And ya even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give ya a call
Next time I'm feelin kinda horny
You can come on over, and I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck, that day, baby
Just lay back, and open your mouth

So how the fuck am I supposed
To pay this hoe, just to lay this hoe
I know the pussy's mines, I'ma fuck a couple more times
And then I'm through with it, there's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nuthin but a bitch to me
And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me

So I'd advise you not to trust that hoe
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch

Put Molly all in her champagne, she ain’t even know it/I took her home and I enjoyed that, she ain't even know it

Her pussy so good I bought her a pet
Anyway, every day I'm trying to get to it
Got her saved in my phone under "Big Booty"

bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done

I told that bitch I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick
Sucking dick in your momma tub

She went to work and the niggas were fiendin'
Yo, she had the biggest ass that you ever seen
In fact she was like Medusa, with titties full grown
One look and your dick turns to stone, yeah

Yo, I tied her to the bed, I was thinking the worst
But yo, I had to let my niggas fuck her first yeah

She put her hickey on top of my dick, sick bitch, see?
She told me she loved me and she wanted to keep me
If only she can have the dick weekly

By his bitch I was fuckin' I had her tossed up
And put to sleep, so a nigga never forgets
A dead bitch can't tell a nigga shit
One less bitch you gotta worry about

To me, all bitches are the same
Money-hungry, scandalous groupie hoes
That's always ridin' on a nigga's dick, always in a nigga's pocket
And when the nigga runs out of money the b*tch is gone in the wind
To me, ALL bitchES AIN'T shit!

The only family that she's ever had
Is the seven horny brothers and a drunk-ass dad
He needed money so he put her on the street

Fuck you titty sucking two balled bitch,
With a fat green clit,
My big corhoto bitch.
Oh shit, fucking ass,
Licking piss sucking cunt.
These nuts on your lips,

Fuck you!
Punk ass bitch!
Fuck you!
Punk ass bitch!

Cunt!
Fuck!
Shit!
Bitch!
