You and your husband have a fight/One of you tries to grab a knife, and during the struggle/He accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!)/And while this is going on, his son just woke up/And he walks in, she panics/And he gets his throat cut (Oh my God!)/So now they both dead, and you slash your own throat/So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note .

Plucked you like a chicken wit' your head cut off/They'll find you wit' your back open and your legs cut off/And as for your man, don't you ever in your mothafuckin' life/Know when I gotta gun come at me wit' a knife, a'ight?.

Dumped her body in the trash like I never knew her/Blood runnin down the gutter into the sewer/Her body stunk for weeks like horse manure

L's the nigga that crime follows .I'm hittin' fine models and stabbin' punks with broken wine bottles .I beat chumps til they head splits, then break em like bread sticks/I sex chicks, I'll even fuck a dead bitch.

Guns in our hand, at the same time everybody ran.

I start with the killing so fuck stopping the violence . Better yet like a stray dog I put your ass to sleep.

I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains .Of his jacket - he had a gun he shoulda packed it . Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket. So I can reload and explode on you rasshole . I fuck around and get hardcore . C-4 to your door, no beef no more nigga.

Then I grabbed my weapon it's time to get ill . Cause I don't really care what your girlfriend says . If you keep talkin' shit you get a bullet in your head.

Little did he know I had a loaded twelve gauge .One sucker dead L.A. Times front page.

I represent where them killers at .145th and Broadway. You get your head cracked.Get your legs snapped, arm-twist, ribs cracked, "play fair!" Day care, kids napped/You think you real? Well, my posse is crazier.Your moms? Mobbing and raping her, Saudi Arabia .

I be comin' up wit da Glock toy . Half steppin with your weapon on safety

Talkin' out his neck, pistol to his throat.Blow this motherfucker, he gone choke .On the ground, on the floor.Someone pick him up, take him to the morgue.

Knock, knock, put your brain on the doormat.Make no mistake for real, I wouldn't hesitate to kill

Hopped out the back seat they gave me a revolver . Blass, you distract him while I go and whack him .Entered through the back side of the bar and then attacked him . He's screaming for his life, reaching for his wife.Shot him in the back of the head and shanked him with a knife.And that goes for anybody who's gotta pay they dues.You lose, cause I got the Ill street blues.

Gotta get that bitch right, want him dead by midnight . I followed him from his crib to the crack spot . I watched him go in and come back out, I got ready to pull the Mac out.Sandwiched him by the feeder of 610.Unloaded the pistol, now dirt is now what his dick in.

Just think if I ain't empty the clip and he killed me.How many niggas bust they gun when they have to.Brain fragments for shotgun blasting, I'll take a nigga breath.

.Man I murder fo' fun but my job is never done.From morning morn' to the setting of the sun.Bad men come come, come get murdered for fun/The hundred round drum in my tommy gun/Be a cat in the Hum' I'll cut out your tongue/Me and Ox, man we murder fo' fun/Talk talk bad man, come get murdered fo' fun/The Gucci Mane, man I murder fo' fun.

Keep my guns loaded, they can't wait to spray.My Glock is a rot, my Four-Fifth is a pit.I shatter and splatter bodies and bones and bust nerves openLay you on that stretcher man.

Like when a motherfucker have to go pick up the pump.To make his opposition chest kick up and jump.When you lit up the gun to make your body get up and uhh.

You talk that gangsta shit, but I just can't believe it bro

"Be a big man, go shoot em dead"

I stuck that lovin' .44 beneath my head
Got up next mornin' and I grabbed that gun

You heard of us, official Queensbridge murderers
The Mobb comes equipped for warfare, beware
Of my crime family who got 'nough shots to share
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone
Every man for they self in this land we be gunning
With bullet holes and such
Your crew is featherweight, my gunshots'll make you levitateAnother nigga deceased, another story gets told
Living the live that of diamonds and guns

Gun down the captain for no fucking reason
Like Desert Storm, got bombs for the war
Better yet, go hang yourself with a barbed wire
Yeah, more graves to dig, goodbye

One of you tries to grab a knife, and during the struggle
He accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced! (No!)
She panics and he gets his throat cut! (Oh my God!)
So now they both dead, and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note!


I was about to drop the hammer on this nigga
Can't wait to see this bitch cause I'mma beat her ass in public
Yo what you hit me with that gun for?"
Now I gotsa to give your motherfuckin ass a beatin
I stomped her and I kicked her and I punched her in the face
I'm bashin her with the nine, inches away from pullin the trigger
But a nigga got to hit her till I see her face get bigger

So I pistol whipped the  till her ass fell out of conscious
Now she's all bloodied up, layin in that red shit
Bitch press charges, I guarantee you she's a dead 
The first time you play me is your last
So yo don't interrupt me when I'm whoopin on my  ass

